hey what's going on guys I'm from a
liquid and I've got yet another metal
gear rising traffic out for you guys the
trophy were going to take a look at this
time as a human tarian assistance and I
know I completely just totally screwed
up on the pronunciation for that what Oh
screw it alright so in order to get this
trophy what you have to do is to rescue
or four civilians throughout the game
now even though the seven missions is
only for civilians and two of those are
all on the first stage well I suppose
it's kind of second stage even though
it's called light or 01 so yeah this way
you're going to find the first civilian
and also this is definitely the easiest
naturally the others can be a little
tricky but there are lights light ways
to you know kind of get around there
once liked em I've got for the civilians
is well just used blade time a lot you
know it makes things so much easier and
unfortunately when you are trying to
rescue the civilians they won't actually
get up and run off until absolutely
every enemies that so that can slow you
down quite a bit but now that I've just
got rid of all for their I can rescue
the first civilian if he decides to get
up from little easter egg though guys if
you actually chase after the civilians
and / am like I'm about to do here then
well you get a little easter egg boom
completely naked now each time you do
that you do get a year a little quick
comment now I only got the first two
comments so you know alright so second
civilian list on the same stage this is
just after you fight wolfin after you
way across the prairies where the
helicopters are after you if you check
in that box you'll get an EMP grenade
and you pretty much need the EMP grenade
for this actual little bit otherwise you
know they're just going to kill in quite
easily soul of the EMP grenade over
there you want to pretty much just get
the soldiers it doesn't really matter
about the Ravens or the side stalkers
wherever the call Donnie so once you
feel like EMP native them you you know
you've gone off you
smashed up a bit then once to all
focused on you you can pretty much just
like run off you know get everyone away
from the civilian I mean you don't
really have to worry about the guys on
the ground but the Ravens are home
because they shoot rockets so if you'll
stand around next to a civilian and
while the side stalker or side window
ever tries to attack you then the
explosion will more than likely kill the
civilian they're extremely squishy but
yeah and like I was saying goes you know
just use the blade time and you'll do
quite well on this I mean you know I one
slashing you don't and it ties like this
you have got to be quick I mean right
here I even just bring out the the
rocket launcher to get rid of that down
the million thing right so there's the
last one for the second civilian just
releasing none so now that the first
mission is complete we've got both
civilians from there there are no
civilians on mission to while our 02
there are absolutely none on that so the
next one we're going to be on is are 0-3
and there's one civilian on here this is
on the rooftop so but halfway for the
rooftops it is extremely tricky you've
gotta watch out for that side store
cruel top excuse me because fee spot
shit then it's all over and you know I
you've got to pretty much do this style
fee up until you're right on top of the
civilian that's why once again I go out
with an EMP grenade to you know like
stunnaman that to make things a lot
easier for me now one of these soldiers
as well it's actually a command day so
if you're after the left arms then while
one of these old habits now why I
recommend doing is the pin was just like
using the restarts option go in and
pretty much just focus on getting one
you know I focus on getting the left
office like I did and then once you've
got that then also do press Start
restart and you can just get the
civilian that because whenever you get
here collectible like this a lotta
matically autosave
but you can just then use restart to go
back to the checkpoints even though
where you restart you actually still
keep your collectible so a nice little
tip there for you guys when this light
some pesky commander there with left arm
that you got a steal and of course
there's another side store career
luckily enough this is the last one now
just get rid of em we see our main about
blade time really coming in handy I mean
you know I wise my spend a while well I
just slashing them when you know gate
over quick on you Baird that's three out
of four civilians so just one more to go
there's no more on stage free there's
none on stage for the last and final one
is actually going to be on stage five
and you can also strip that civilian as
well right now this one is on stage five
right near the end and this one is very
tricky you pretty much do need an EMP
grenade for this no fortunately I
couldn't get the am peak later worky i
right to it the first time where they
killed the civilian but then print which
every time after that like even though
it was right on top of them just one of
fact in them but the main thing you've
gotta worry about is that big tank
because he will unload musante that's
why i pretty much go straight into
ripper mode on him light rain game out
the way as quick as I can I mean if he's
like locking onto you and Amy night then
you really don't want to be next to the
civilian of wise chances all the
ceilings gonna die we are guys that's
all for civilian locations for the
humanitarian assistance trophy yeah I
got it right that time yeah guys I hope
you guys enjoyed I hope it out if you
did then please drop a like in a comment
and if you know around here hit the
subscribe on as always guys peace out
you